**Ex 1.1.** Create a function
[bS,bMP] = checkTFStability(tfG)
that has as input a causal scalar discrete-time transfer function
object tfG. The function returns
boolean bS = true if any coprime representation of tfG is
(strictly) stable, and bS = false otherwise,
boolean bMP = true if any coprime representation of tfG
is minimum phase, i.e. it is stable with marginally stable
inverse, and bMP = false otherwise.

**Ex 1.2.** Create a function
plotSpectrum(tfG)
that has as input a causal scalar discrete-time transfer function tfG.
The function plots the spectral density in the frequency interval
[−pi, pi] of the process generated by filtering a Gaussian WN
process (μ = 0, sigma = 1) through tfG. If tfG has poles on the unit
circle, the function throws an error and displays an error message.

**Ex 2.1.** Create a function
dInt = resIntegral(tfF)
that has as input a rational transfer function object tfF. The function
returns the integral dInt upon the unit circle of tfF computed
via the residue method.
**Ex 2.2.** Create a function
[tfCaus,tfACaus] = causalPart(tfG)
that has as input a rational transfer function object tfG. The function
returns the causal part tfCaus and the strictly anticausal part
tfACaus of tfG.

**Ex 3.1.** 
Create a function
tfW = spectralFactor(tfS)
that has as input a transfer function object tfS corresponding to a
rational scalar discrete-time spectral density. The function returns
the canonical minimum-phase spectral factor of tfS.

**Ex 3.2.** Create a function
[cvYhat,dVar] = WienerPredictor(tfS,cvY,iK)
that has as input a rational scalar spectral density tfS of the process
{y(t)}t2Z, a trajectory cvY of the latter process, and a positive
integer iK = k. The function returns the Wiener predictions ˆy(t +
k|t) in the vector cvYhat and the prediction error variance Var ˜y(t+
k|t) in the variable dVar.
